yessql.db -> OrchardCore.db (#7446)
OrchardCMS/OrchardCore: src/docs/reference/core/Data/README.md

### Sqlite

#### `DatabaseName` (string)

> By default 'OrchardCore.db` has been used as default name for the SQLite database, this property allows you to use a database name of your choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, "OrchardCore.db" is used as the name for the SQLite database. This property allows you to use a database name of your choice. For backward compatibility with Orchard Core 1.8 and earlier, configure `"yessql.db"`.
```
